hey dolls and gents I am going to do a
quick video on my hair that i have been
wearing in my last two videos i've
gotten so many questions on it so i'm
gonna tell you guys about it and also i
cut layers into it it was all one length
so if you guys want to see that video i
did record myself cutting layers into
this unit let me know and i will do a
video i just have some layers framing my
face and the front but i wanted to keep
the hair still really long as well so i
just have some layers in it i am wearing
a full lace wig and this is a glueless
full lace wig from best lace wigs com I
have mixed feelings about the glueless
portion of it but overall I love this
wig I have not warlike straight hair and
a very very long time and I don't I used
to wear straight hair all the time in
high school like straight weave when I
was relaxed and I love straight hair a
matter of fact I never were wavy or
curly I never wore anything other than
straight hair and now I find myself like
never wearing straight here I don't know
why but every time I wear straight hair
I love it oh no especially now that I'm
natural it feels good to just we're here
that's like straight ever so often just
for that sleek look anyways that's
beside the point the hair I'm gonna give
you guys the specs on it it's in a
natural color and I did notice a couple
of gray hairs in here but that's not a
problem for me I have gray hairs myself
I don't know if it's cause of stress or
if I'm just getting hecka old I really
love this hair it's really soft it does
not tangle it has not shed even after me
cutting layers into it I mean it doesn't
tangle it doesn't shed this hair is
super silky so if you're looking for a
more realistic unit click here I have
I link to the jockey textured hair it's
very similar to this one except it's
Jackie and it's a 1 B it says it's
virgin hair but it's not because it's
been processed for texture and also for
color so that unit is has been processed
this unit is virgin though because it
hasn't been processed for texture and it
is in its natural color this is a
glueless lace wig which means that it
has two combs on either side it has one
in the middle and it has adjustable
straps in the back i find that i'm going
to show you guys it pulled back its
glueless but it doesn't look completely
natural so I like to pull down the baby
hairs when I wear this hair back like
when I wore it in a high ponytail
because it helps to camouflage the
hairline when you pull the baby hairs up
front and I know a lot of people don't
like straight baby hairs I don't mind um
especially if I'm wearing the hair up
you know what I'm saying because it has
baby hears in the back too so you can
pull those down and you can pull it up
into a high ponytail and it won't look
like crazy so I'm just going to put it
in like a little bun up here
so you see how the baby ears help to
actually camouflage the hairline so it
doesn't look like super crazy anyways I
love this here because it's super
versatile with the baby hairs in the
back and also the baby hairs in the
front as you guys know I always wear my
hair down I really wear it in a ponytail
but it's nice to have it in a ponytail
sometimes you know and I'm sorry I keep
playing with the hair let me just get it
situated and freaking stop I love this
very guys what I love something I love
it okay so you guys know when you first
get a new lace wig you have to basically
use some water and tie your hair down so
it goes to the position you want it now
the actual parting might not look that
good in this unit because I'm not
wearing a wig cap I just have my natural
hair underneath because I ran out of the
wig caps that I love to wear under my
fall a slick so I have to go get another
would cap the nuts are not bleached on
this unit so the parting on the glueless
lace wigs isn't as natural as I would
say they are on the full lace blades
because it has a portion right here I
don't know if you can see that band
right there like you don't want that
showing so it does have like a little
band there so you can't exactly
freestyle part it like you can on the
regular full lace legs and it does have
some sort of tab over here it feels like
metal like a metal piece underneath to
mesh it onto your head overall I love
this unit this hair looks pretty flat on
my head like I said if you want a more
natural looking one and you're
african-american go for the yaki
textured one and if you like more
silkier hair you will love this I
seriously love this hair I can't wait to
curl it for you guys
and yeah oh yeah so packaging it always
comes in a box like this and they're
having like a little Valentine's Day
promotion so they're giving you a couple
of free gifts with your lace wig
purchase so they sent this little flower
it's like a soap flower it's highly
perfumed it smells really good and you
also get Jory it's like a little beaded
bracelet and they also give you a red
and gold scarf so overall I love this
look so far if I curl it I'll do like an
update video or something and if you
guys want to see how I did layers in
this hair let me know and I will do a
video let me know what you guys think
about this I didn't even say what the
freaking style is of this hair it is GSW
118 and I'll have that in the title so
I'm on the ball with these videos are
nine I love you guys and I will catch
all in my next video bye